docs/endpoints.md, before:

# Endpoints

Under the hood, the endpoint path will be used to create a [ProcessWire URL hook](https://processwire.com/blog/posts/pw-3.0.173/#introducing-url-path-hooks). All URL hook features are supported.

Each endpoint listener must either return a [`Response`](/responses) object or throw an [`ApiException`](/exceptions) to halt the process and respond with an error.

::: tip
By default, all request methods are denied. You must add listeners for each request method you want to allow. Requests with disallowed methods will be denied with a 405 response.
:::

The supported listeners are:

- `get()`
- `post()`
- `head()`
- `put()`
- `delete()`
- `options()`

Like an API instance or service, an endpoint can also contain request hooks. [Read more about hooks](/request-hooks).

## Example endpoint

Call `addEndpoint()` in the service constructor and pass the `path` you want to listen to.

```php
use PwJsonApi\ApiException;
```

```php
$this->addEndpoint('/user')
  // Handle GET request
  ->get(function () {
    return new Response([
      'first_name' => 'Jerry',
      'last_name' => 'Cotton',
    ]);
  })

  // Handle POST request
  ->post(function () {
    // Validate post data etc.
    // $data = $this->wire->input->post;

    // If something goes wrong...
    // throw new ApiException('Snap, crackle and pop!');

    // Save user details
    // ...

    // Respond with updated data
    return new Response([
      'first_name' => 'Jerry',
      'last_name' => 'Cotton',
    ]);
  });
```

## Dynamic paths

You can use named arguments or regular expressions to allow dynamic paths. Use the `$event` argument of the response handler to access named arguments.

```php{3}
$this->addEndpoint('/products/{product}')
  // Use $event->arguments to access named arguments
  ->get(function ($event) {
    return new Response([
      'product_name' => $event->arguments('product'),
    ]);
  });
```

Commit message:

Remove OPTIONS handler and always permit requests

docs/endpoints.md, after:

# Endpoints

Under the hood, the endpoint path will be used to create a [ProcessWire URL hook](https://processwire.com/blog/posts/pw-3.0.173/#introducing-url-path-hooks). All URL hook features are supported.

Each endpoint listener must either return a [`Response`](/responses) object or throw an [`ApiException`](/exceptions) to halt the process and respond with an error.

::: tip
By default, all request methods are denied, except for `OPTIONS`. You must add listeners for each request method you want to allow. Requests with disallowed methods will be denied with a 405 response.

`OPTIONS` method is always allowed, and will result in an empty response with code `200`.
:::

The supported listeners are:

- `get()`
- `post()`
- `head()`
- `put()`
- `delete()`

Like an API instance or service, an endpoint can also contain request hooks. [Read more about hooks](/request-hooks).

## Example endpoint

Call `addEndpoint()` in the service constructor and pass the `path` you want to listen to.

```php
use PwJsonApi\ApiException;
```

```php
$this->addEndpoint('/user')
  // Handle GET request
  ->get(function () {
    return new Response([
      'first_name' => 'Jerry',
      'last_name' => 'Cotton',
    ]);
  })

  // Handle POST request
  ->post(function () {
    // Validate post data etc.
    // $data = $this->wire->input->post;

    // If something goes wrong...
    // throw new ApiException('Snap, crackle and pop!');

    // Save user details
    // ...

    // Respond with updated data
    return new Response([
      'first_name' => 'Jerry',
      'last_name' => 'Cotton',
    ]);
  });
```

## Dynamic paths

You can use named arguments or regular expressions to allow dynamic paths. Use the `$event` argument of the response handler to access named arguments.

```php{3}
$this->addEndpoint('/products/{product}')
  // Use $event->arguments to access named arguments
  ->get(function ($event) {
    return new Response([
      'product_name' => $event->arguments('product'),
    ]);
  });
```
